(lowered voice) THIS IS HOW
I WANT TO LET LAURIE AND TRAVIS
KNOW THAT WE'RE DATING.
I WANT THEM TO DISCOVER US
IN THE PERFECT COUPLE MOMENT.
SUPER.
OKAY, NOW COME OVER HERE.
YEP.
YEAH, THE LIGHT'S BETTER
RIGHT THERE. NOW KISS ME.
WELL, NO, NOT LIKE THAT.
YOU'RE NOT GOING OFF TO WAR.
JUST A-A SWEET, GENTLE PECK.
MM. OKAY, WAIT. WAIT.
(speaks inaudibly)
I'VE, UH, I'VE NEVER HATED
ANYTHING THIS MUCH.
WE GOTTA GET
THEIR ATTENTION. COUGH.
(coughs)
(door opens and closes)
NOT IN MY FACE, DUDE.
TURN YOUR HEAD AND COUGH.
OOH, ELLIE AND I PLAY
THAT GAME.
SHE WEARS A SURGICAL MASK
AND NOTHING ELSE.
ANDY, BOUNDARIES.
HAVE YOU TOLD THESE GUYS
YOU TWO ARE HOOKING UP YET?
GREAT. NOW YOU LOOK.
(whispers) COME ON.
(normal voice) I KNOW
THIS IS HUGE, SO LET'S HEAR IT.
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
WERE ALREADY DATING.
WELL, SMITH, IN A FEW MINUTES,
I'M GIVING OUT
THE "WHO INVITED YOU?" AWARD,
AND YOU OUGHTA GET
YOUR SPEECH READY.
SORRY, JULES, BUT YOU'RE NOT
IN A RELATIONSHIP YET.
IT HAS TO LAST AT LEAST NINE
DAYS BEFORE I CONSIDER IT REAL.
IT'S THE SAME RULE THAT I HAVE
FOR HAIR EXTENSIONS
OR FOSTER PARENTS.
YOUR RULES ARE--
AH, SWEETIE.
THIS IS JULES' TIME.
BUT I HAVE TO LET IT OUT.
WHISPER WHAT YOU WERE
GONNA SAY.
(whispering indistinctly)
REALLY?
TRAV, ME AND GRAYSON--
THOUGHTS? FEELINGS?
WHATEVER MAKES YOU HAPPY.
HEY, NEW DAD,
YOU GIVE ME 20 BUCKS,
I'LL NEVER CALL YOU
"NEW DAD" AGAIN.
WINNER.
THANK YOU. SEE YOU, MOM.
I LOVE YOU, NEW DAD.
THAT FEELS RIGHT.
THAT IS THE LONGEST, MEANEST
THING I'VE EVER HEARD.
NO, I'M NOT DONE YET.
OH.
(whispering indistinctly)
COME ON.
IT'D BE MORE ROMANTIC IF YOU RAN
YOUR FINGERS THROUGH MY HAIR.
YEAH, IT WOULD BE.
SHE'S NOT GOING FOR IT,
BUDDY.
I WONDER WHY, DAD.
WHAT?
TODAY'S SPECIAL FOR US.
IT IS?
IT'S OUR 7-MONTH ANNIVERSARY.
(laughs) YOU SCREWED
THE POOCH, TRAV-Y.
SEVEN MONTHS IS A BIG ONE.
IS IT, DAD?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M JUST TALKING.
HEY, IS THERE ANY MORE
OF THAT FANCY SALAMI LEFT?
I JUST ATE THE LAST PIECE.
OH, MAN. I WISH
I COULD BE YOUR MOUTH.
DAD, MNH-MNH,
MNH-MNH, MNH-MNH.
LOOK, YOUR HOUSE IS GREAT,
BUT DO YOU EVER THINK
WE COULD SLEEP OVER HERE?
NO.
WHEN I'M IN YOUR BEDROOM,
I FEEL LIKE BALLOONS ARE GONNA
START FALLING FROM THE CEILING,
LIKE I'M
THE "MILLIONTH CUSTOMER." EEE.
(laughs) THAT'S FUNNY.
I SHOULD RIG THAT UP.
NO, YOU REALLY SHOULDN'T.
JULES, IN A RELATIONSHIP--
OH, W-W-W-W-WAIT.
IF YOU'RE GONNA START
PONTIFICATING
ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO RECORD THIS
ON MY PHONE.
(phone beeping)
'CAUSE I GUARANTEE YOU,
THIS WILL COME BACK
TO BITE YOU ON THE ASS.
I AIN'T SCURRED.
MM-HMM.
JULES, IN A RELATIONSHIP,
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO DO
THINGS YOU DON'T WANT TO DO.
IT'S PART OF BEING A COUPLE.
(laughs) THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
OKAY.
(beep)
YOU KNOW, I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT
NO ONE CARED THAT WE'RE DATING.
WHAT?
DID YOU TELL... EVERYONE?
(gasps) BOBBY.
BOBBY!
BOBBY.
BOB-BY.
BOBBY?
DAD.
BOBBY!
WHAT'S UP?
NOTHING. SOMETIMES I JUST LIKE
TO SAY YOUR NAME OUT LOUD.
ME, TOO.
BUT I WHISPER IT.
(whispers) BOBBY.
WE ALL JUST FORGOT TO TELL HIM.
IT'S NOBODY'S FAULT.
IT FEELS LIKE YOUR FAULT.
LET ME HAVE THIS, TRAV.
I LET YOU HAVE "GIRLS DIG
GUYS WITH SKINNY ARMS."
THAT'S PRIVATE.
THIS IS GONNA CRUSH BOBBY. HE
STILL CARRIES A TORCH FOR YOU.
PLUS, GRAYSON IS
HIS SECOND BEST FRIEND.
WHO'S HIS FIRST BEST?
I WILL FIGHT YOU RIGHT HERE.
WHY DOES OUR BABY
KEEP SAYING "BOBBY"?
(both chanting) BOBBY. BOBBY.
BOBBY. BOBBY.
WHO KNOWS WHY BABIES DO THINGS?
OKAY, SO WHO DO WE THINK
SHOULD TELL HIM?
(all) YOU.
YOU, FOR SURE.
I DON'T WANT
TO BREAK HIS HEART AGAIN.
MAYBE ANDY SHOULD TELL HIM.
YOU ARE HIS BEST FRIEND.
(high-pitched voice)
THAT'S RIGHT, BITCH.
OR GRAYSON. 'CAUSE
YOU'RE NOT ONLY HIS FRIEND,
BUT YOU'RE ALSO THE ONE DOING
FILTHY THINGS TO HIS EX.
STILL HERE, JUST IN CASE
YOU WERE WONDERING.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SO SKINNY.
THEY'RE LIKE POOL CUES.
YEAH.
AW!
OKAY, WE KNOW IT'S GOTTA BE ONE
OF THE THREE OF US, SO I THINK
THERE'S ONLY ONE THING
THAT WE CAN DO TO SOLVE THIS.
ULTIMATE PENNY CAN.
THIS IS HOW IT WORKS--
ELLIE IS GONNA ASK A QUESTION
ABOUT BOBBY.
YOU GET IT RIGHT,
YOU MOVE A STEP CLOSER.
LAST PLAYER LEFT
HAS TO DROP THE BOMB ON BOBBY.
LET'S BEGIN.
GRAYSON, WHAT'S BEEN BOBBY'S
FAVORITE BEACH ACTIVITY
SINCE HE WAS 4?
I JUST MET HIM, LIKE,
SIX MONTHS AGO--
INCORRECT. JULES?
HE LOVES TO FEED THE SEAGULLS
AT THE BEACH
BECAUSE IT MAKES HIM
FEEL LIKE A BIRD GOD.
WRONG! HE USED TO LOVE
TO DO THAT
UNTIL HE TRIED TO SHARE
A HOT DOG WITH ONE,
AND IT ATE THE WHOLE THING.
VERY SELFISH.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
HIS NEW FAVORITE BEACH ACTIVITY
IS BEING BURIED IN THE SAND
'CAUSE HE LIKES TO IMAGINE
HIMSELF BEING JUST A HEAD.
CORRECT.
AH, THANK YOU.
THIS COULD BE TROUBLE FOR US.
A CHEETO SHAPED LIKE
BRUCE WILLIS.
FRANCIS BACON,
BECAUSE IT SOUNDS DELICIOUS.
BOZ SCAGGS.
UNCIRCUMCISED.
J.C.
THE HISPANIC MECHANIC.
TOLSTOY.
(clink)
(high-pitched voice) PENNY CAN!
(normal voice)
BOOM! BEST FRIEND OUT.
DAMN IT!
(exhales deeply)
OH, SWEETIE.
I GOTTA GO MEET KYLIE.
CAN YOU BELIEVE ALL
THIS ATTITUDE SHE'S GIVING ME
ABOUT FORGETTING
A 7-MONTH ANNIVERSARY?
IT DEPENDS. HAS SHE EVER LET YOU
SEE HER COMPLETELY NAKED?
FOR, LIKE, EIGHT SECONDS.
WE WERE CHANGING TO GO SWIMMING.
(high-pitched voice) WHAT UP?
THEN JUST GO TAKE YOUR LUMPS
AND MOVE ON.
OR I COULD TELL HER
HOW RIDICULOUS SHE'S BEING.
TRAV, I KNOW THAT KYLIE IS
A SWEET, INNOCENT LITTLE FLOWER,
BUT IF YOU GO AT HER,
SHE WILL TAKE OFF THAT SWEET,
LITTLE MASK, AND YOU WILL SEE...
(hisses)
DON'T EVER DO THAT AGAIN.
OKAY, I'M JUST GONNA
SHOW YOU THE MOUTH. READY?
(hisses)
HOW DID BOBBY'S UNCLE RICKY
LOSE HIS NOSE?
DYNAMITE FISHING.
CORRECT!
YES!
THE FACT THAT I AM STILL
STANDING BACK HERE SHOULD PROVE
THAT I'M NOT THE RIGHT PERSON
TO TELL BOBBY ABOUT ANYTHING!
WHINY BABY, SAY "WHAT?"
WHAT?
GAME OVER, SUCKA!
(clanking)
DAGNABBIT!
ABOUT WHAT "STAR WARS" CHARACTER
HAS BOBBY ALWAYS SAID,
"IF YOU THROW A SKIRT ON ONE
OF THOSE FURRY LITTLE THINGS,
I WOULD TOTALLY HIT THAT"?
AH, THE HELL WITH THIS.
(whooshing)
(clink)
OH HO HO! PENNY CAN!
(laughs)
NO! I KNEW THAT ONE!
AN EWOK!
HE WANTS TO MAKE LOVE
TO AN EWOK!
♪♪
SURPRISE.
HEY, I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'RE AT MY PLACE.
HOW MUCH SNOOPING
HAVE YOU DONE?
YOUR HIPSTER WOOL HAT
COLLECTION?
REALLY?
WE'RE IN FLORIDA.
DON'T BE THAT GUY.
SOMETIMES THEY LOOK COOL.
ON PLANET DOUCHE-ALON.
LOVELY. OKAY, SO HOW DID
YOUR, UH, TALK WITH BOBBY GO?
OH, SO GREAT,
EXCEPT THAT IT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
YOU SEE, I WAS HOPING
THAT MAYBE TOMORROW
WE COULD DO IT TOGETHER.
NO WAY IN HELL.
(turns on stereo)
(Grayson) JULES,
IN A RELATIONSHIP,
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO DO THINGS
YOU DON'T WANT TO DO.
IT'S PART OF BEING A COUPLE.
THAT'S TAKEN OUT OF CONTEXT.
(door opens and closes)
YOU'RE SO IN.
LOOK AT ME. I'M GRAYSON.
(sniffs)
WHAT IS SHE DOING HERE?
ELLIE USED TO BE A DEEJAY,
AND, UH, SHE HAPPENED TO
GIVE YOU A LITTLE REMIX HERE.
(clicks button)
(techno music playing)
♪ JULES, SOMETIMES
IN A RELATIONSHIP... ♪
JULES, IN-YOUR-FACE DANCE.
I DON'T KNOW THAT ONE.
IT'S JUST THE RUNNING MAN.
COME ON.
♪ BEING A COUPLE,
BEING A COUPLE ♪
♪ BEING A--BEING A--
BEING A--BEING A-- ♪
♪ BEING A COUPLE ♪
OKAY, GRAYSON,
WE'RE NOT STAYING HERE.
GO GET YOUR P.J.s.
WE'RE GOING TO MY HOUSE.
STUPID RELATIONSHIP.
♪ YOU HAVE TO DO THINGS
YOU DON'T WANT TO DO ♪
♪ YOU DON'T WANT TO DO, JULES,
JULES, JULES, JULES, JULES ♪
♪ YOU HAVE--YOU HAVE--
YOU HAVE TO DO THINGS ♪
♪ YOU DON'T WANT TO DO, DO, DO,
IT'S PART OF BEING A COUPLE ♪
HERE'S YOUR BEER, BUDDY.
YOU KNOW WHAT REALLY SUCKED
ABOUT HANGING OUT WITH TRAVIS?
HE WAS WITH KYLIE,
AND I COULD REALLY SENSE
THAT THEY DIDN'T WANT ME THERE.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE A RADAR
FOR STUFF LIKE THAT.
DO YOU NOW?
YEAH.
YOU WANT A TUG OF MY BEER?
WHY NOT?
PUT IT IN MY HAND.
(Stan) Bob-by.
NO WAY! IT WORKED.
(mouths words)
WHAT WORKED?
ANDY?
(mouths words)
YOU WANT A CAPPUCCINO?
YOU'RE A JERK.
HOW ABOUT A FRAPPUCCINO?
LOOK, YOU CANNOT STILL BE MAD.
A 7-MONTH ANNIVERSARY?
(high-pitched voice)
IT'S A LITTLE RIDICULOUS.
(heavy metal music playing)
♪♪
(shouting inaudibly)
YOU SKINNY-ARMED LITTLE BITCH!
YOU SAW HER DEVIL FACE,
HUH?
I CAN STILL SEE IT.
TRAV, YOU'RE NOT DATING GIRLS
ANYMORE.
YOU'RE DATING WOMEN,
AND WHEN A WOMAN IS MAD,
YOU NEED TO KNOW
HOW TO PLAY DEFENSE.
WELL, WHAT DOES SMITH DO?
IF I'M TOTALLY RAGING,
HE JUST STARTS NODDING A LOT
AND THROWS MONEY AROUND.
FIRST TIME
I'VE EVER BEEN JEALOUS OF YOU.
THANKS, ELLIE.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
NICE MOMENT OVER?
SO OVER.
GOOD. IT FELT WRONG.
TRAVIS, THERE ARE PLENTY
OF DEFENSIVE STYLES OUT THERE.
WE JUST HAVE TO FIND THE ONE
THAT'S RIGHT FOR YOU.
YOU SEEM LIKE
YOU'D BE A GOOD CRIER.
(door opens and closes)
I'M NOT, BUT I'M GLAD
I GIVE OFF THAT VIBE. COOL.
HEY, BABE.
DON'T TALK TO ME.
I AM RAGING!
DO YOU WANNA GO SHOPPING?
I GUESS SO.
(mouths word)
(whispers) OKAY, EVERYBODY,
EVERYBODY, HE'S COMING!
COME ON. ANDY!
GET OUT OF THE POOL!
ALL RIGHT.
IT'S HAPPENING! HERE.
GOOD MORNING, EVERYBODY.
(normal voice) FO' SHIZZLE,
FO' SHIZZLE, FO' SHIZZLE.
WORD!
HEY, PLAYER.
NAMASTE, DUDE.
WHAT'S UP?
I DON'T WANT
TO DATE YOU ANYMORE.
YEAH, YOU DO, DAWG.
(laughs) I'M PSYCHED
Y'ALL DROPPED BY.
I'LL GO GRAB US SOME BEERS.
OOH! BUT THE FRIDGE IS BROKE,
SO I'LL PUT 'EM ON ICE.
IF THE REFRIGERATOR'S BROKEN,
THEN WHERE'S HE GONNA GET--
(laughs) I DON'T HAVE ICE.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST PUT 'EM
IN THE TOILET TANK
FOR A FEW MINUTES?
THAT'LL COOL 'EM DOWN.
(imitates shooting sounds)
ALL RIGHT. HERE'S THE PLAN.
WHY DO WE NEED A PLAN?
BECAUSE BOBBY IS A RUNNER.
ANY TIME HE GETS NEWS THAT
HE DOESN'T WANT TO DEAL WITH,
HE BOLTS.
YOU SHOULD'VE SEEN HIM
WHEN I TRIED TO GIVE HIM
OUR DIVORCE PAPERS.
(motor rumbling)
(mouth full)
BOBBY, IT'S FOR THE BEST!
WHERE'D YOU GET AN A.T.V.?
FROM A LIFEGUARD. DER!
HE JUST... (laughs)
LET YOU BORROW IT?
WHAT ARE YOU, A DETECTIVE?
HAND ME THOSE SHOES.
(clatters)
AAH!
(chuckles) ALL RIGHT.
HE AIN'T RUNNING NOWHERE.
IT'S A GREAT PLAN.
RIGHT?
(laughs)
I DON'T HAVE A TOILET.
WARM BEER.
OOH.
I CANNOT BELIEVE YOU TAUGHT STAN
HOW TO SAY "BOBBY."
I HAVE A LIST OF ALL THE MOVIES
YOU'VE EVER WANTED TO SEE,
AND EVERY TIME
STAN SAYS THE NAME "BOBBY,"
I'M GONNA RUIN THE ENDING
FOR YOU.
(lowered voice)
THIS IS GOOD FOR YOU TO SEE.
ANDY IS
A FANTASTIC DEFENSIVE PLAYER.
(sighs)
HE'S SLEEPIN'.
NO, HE'S JUST PRETENDING.
WATCH.
ANDY, COME ON. TALK TO US.
(chuckles)
DOES ELLIE STILL LOOK MAD?
AT THE END OF "TEEN WOLF,"
HE WINS THE BIG GAME
WITHOUT HAVING
TO TURN INTO A TEEN WOLF.
DAMN IT, WOMAN. I WAITED
25 YEARS TO SEE THAT!
WHY?
LOOK, BOBBY, THE REASON
WE'RE HERE IS BECAUSE...
WE REALLY CARE ABOUT YOU.
OH, I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW BAD
I NEEDED TO HEAR THAT RIGHT NOW.
CAN I SHOW YOU SOMETHING?
(Bobby) LOOK AT THOSE TWO.
(Jules) IT'S SO CUTE.
IT'S BULL CRAP
IS WHAT IT IS.
I'M A THIRD WHEEL
TO MY OWN DOG.
WITH TRAVIS AND KYLIE.
I'M A THIRD WHEEL
TO ELLIE AND ANDY.
HELL, EVEN LAURIE'S GOT
A BOYFRIEND.
UH, UM, BOBBY,
GRAYSON AND I, UH...
YOU WANNA JUMP IN THERE?
HUH? NO. MNH-MNH.
YOU'RE CRUSHING IT.
(laughs)
GUYS, WE'RE
THE LAST THREE STANDING.
NOW I HATE TO BE
DADDY DOWNER,
BUT I HAVE TO SAY,
IF I WAS THE ONLY ONE SINGLE,
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WOULD DO. (sighs)
ME, NEITHER. (laughs)
TO US, THE SINGLE FOLK.
(clink)
WHOO!
I COULDN'T TELL BOBBY.
IT WOULD'VE DESTROYED HIM.
OH, THIS SUCKS.
WHAT?
SEX HAS TO EQUAL FREE WINE.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST,
UH, STEAL MY TIPS, TOO?
OH, GREAT. YEAH. I'M GOING
OUT FOR ICE CREAM LATER.
(mouths words)
ALL RIGHT. WE GOTTA COME UP
WITH A NEW PLAN.
WHAT IS IT WITH YOU
AND PLANS?
EVERYTHING WORKS BETTER
WHEN YOU HAVE A PLAN--
BIRTHDAYS, VACATIONS, MURDERS.
I DON'T KNOW WHY I SAID MURDERS.
IT'S NOT LIKE I DAYDREAM ABOUT
TRYING TO GET AWAY WITH ONE.
THAT WOULD BE WEIRD.
WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST
TELL HIM? HMM?
WHY DOES EVERYTHING ALWAYS HAVE
TO BE SO DIFFICULT WITH YOU?
(electric guitar plays
discordant note)
THAT WASN'T THE RIGHT THING
TO SAY.
OH, THIS IS GOOD.
NOW YOU'RE GONNA GET TO SEE
GRAYSON'S DEFENSE MECHANISM.
WHEN A WOMAN REALLY GOES AT HIM,
HE JUST SHUTS DOWN LIKE A ROBOT.
AREN'T YOU BOBBY'S FRIEND?
DON'T YOU CARE
ABOUT HIS FEELINGS?
AND SHUT DOWN.
(Laurie makes whirring sound)
YOU'RE NOT GONNA TALK
TO ME NOW? HELLO?
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU GET
TO STAY AT YOUR PLACE TONIGHT.
ENJOY IT.
AND REBOOT.
(Laurie makes whirring sound)
HOLY CRAP. MY MOM'S
DATING THE TERMINATOR.
YOU KNOW WHY I'D RATHER PLAY
FETCH WITH YOU THAN MY DOG?
IT'S 'CAUSE YOU WOULD NEVER
BRING THE BALL BACK
TO YOUR
TINY, LITTLE DOG GIRLFRIEND.
YOU'D BRING IT TO ME.
BROS BEFORE HOS, MAN.
(clink)
THIS IS NOT
WHERE WE HANG OUT NOW.
HEY, LADIES.
GRAY MATTER!
GET INVOLVED, BABY.
FINE. BEER ME.
THERE YOU GO. I'M SORRY FOR
STILL THIRD-WHEELIN' IT, ELLIE.
I JUST MISS THE DAYS OF US JUST
BEING FRIENDS HANGING OUT.
BUT NOW EVERYONE'S ALL COUPLED
UP, RAISING KIDS AND WHATNOT.
JUST SEEMS LIKE
WE DON'T HAVE TIME
TO BE PALS ANYMORE,
YOU KNOW?
I DO.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
NO, JULES, LISTEN.
IT'S NOT HAPPENING
TONIGHT, GRAYSON.
SO YOU WANNA TAKE A QUICK GANDER
AT WHAT YOU'RE MISSING?
BAM! FRESHLY MOISTURIZED.
MM. YEP. MUST HURT
JUST A LITTLE BIT, HMM?
I HAVE A PLAN.
SHUT UP! YOU HAVE A PLAN?
I KNOW. FIRST TIME EVER.
NOW FLASH ME AGAIN.
NO, NO. TELL ME THE PLAN.
OH, FINE.
(babbles)
OKAY. TELL ME EVERYTHING!
ABOUT WHAT?
OKAY,
GRAYSON AND I HAVE AN IDEA.
TONIGHT WE'RE ALL GONNA
GO TO THE BEACH.
WE'RE GONNA DRINK WINE
AND BUILD A BONFIRE
JUST LIKE THE OLD DAYS.
AND HERE'S THE CATCH--WE'RE
ALL GONNA GO JUST AS FRIENDS.
NO COUPLES ALLOWED. COUPLES
CAN'T EVEN RIDE THERE TOGETHER.
(laughs) HELL, YEAH, JULES.
SINGLES' PARTY AT THE BEACH,
HUH? BARB LIKE-Y.
FROLICKING IN THE WAVES,
YOUR PRIVATES
GETTING SANDBLASTED
SO THEY SHINE
LIKE A BOWLING TROPHY.
YOU DONE?
NOT YET.
THAT'S WHY I ALWAYS CARRY
MY SWIMSUIT.
WHAT DOES THAT EVEN COVER?
IT LOOKS LIKE A NET.
IT CATCHES
ALL THE LITTLE FISHIES.
BYE, LITTLE FISH.
DO YOU SEE
WHAT I HAVE TO DEAL WITH?
HE STILL HASN'T PICKED
A DEFENSIVE STYLE.
HE'D BETTER DO IT SOON,
OR HE SHOULD STRAP IT ON FOR
A LIFETIME OF THIS. (snarls)
(snarls)
YEAH, WELL, THANKS AGAIN
FOR COMING OVER.
UH, LOOK, I DON'T REALLY LIKE
PLAYING GAMES IN RELATIONSHIPS,
SO MAYBE I DON'T NEED
A "STYLE."
WOMEN ARE GONNA EAT YOU
ALIVE.
YOU'RE PROBABLY RIGHT.
I WAS JUST TRYING
TO TEACH YOU.
I KNOW YOU WERE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
ARE YOU JUST CONSTANTLY
AGREEING TO SHUT US UP?
YEAH.
DO YOU LIKE IT?
IT'S BRILLIANT!
YOU'RE THE "YES" MAN.
(laughs) YES!
YES, I AM.
IT'S BEACH TIME!
TRAV, GO JOIN THE GUYS.
LADIES, LET'S RIDE.
ALL RIGHT.
WHEE!
(Leona Naess) ♪ I'M NOT READY ♪
♪ AND I'M NOT EVEN CLOSE ♪
♪ I'M NOT LIKE THE REST ♪
♪ NO, I AIN'T LIKE MOST ♪
♪ SO LET'S GO OUT LATE ♪
♪ DRINK A LOT ♪
♪ STAY UP PAST 8:00 ♪
♪ AND THEN DANCE ♪
♪ DANCE ALL NIGHT ♪
♪ AND LEAVE
OUR BOYFRIENDS BEHIND ♪
♪ LEAVE OUR BOYFRIENDS ♪
♪♪
♪ WE'RE NOT READY ♪
♪ NO, WE'RE NOT EVEN CLOSE ♪
♪ WE'RE NOT LIKE THE REST ♪
♪ NO, WE AIN'T LIKE MOST ♪
♪ SO LET'S GO OUT LATE ♪
♪ DRINK A LOT ♪
♪ STAY UP PAST 8:00 ♪
♪ AND THEN DANCE ♪
♪ DANCE ALL NIGHT ♪
♪ AND LEAVE
OUR BOYFRIENDS BEHIND ♪
(screaming)
(seagulls squawking)
♪ LEAVE YOUR GIRLFRIEND BEHIND ♪
I FELT I WAS RIGHT,
AND YOU WERE WRONG.
TOTALLY.
♪ OOH OOH-OOH-OOH-OOH ♪
♪♪
WHOO!
♪ OH, LET'S GO OUT LATE ♪
♪ DRINK A LOT ♪
♪ STAY UP PAST 8:00 ♪
♪ AND THEN DANCE ♪
♪ DANCE ALL NIGHT ♪
♪ AND LEAVE
OUR BOYFRIENDS BEHIND ♪
♪ OH, LET'S GO OUT LATE ♪
♪ DRINK A LOT ♪
♪ STAY UP PAST 8:00 ♪
♪ AND THEN DANCE,
DANCE ALL NIGHT ♪
♪ AND LEAVE
YOUR GIRLFRIEND BEHIND ♪
♪ I'LL LEAVE MY BOYFRIEND... ♪
THIS WAS A GREAT IDEA.
(chuckles) I MEAN, LOOK AT HIM.
I'M JUST A HEAD
ON THE BEACH! (laughs)
HEY, ANDY, COME OVER HERE
AND PRETEND TO HIKE ME
LIKE A FOOTBALL.
WHOO-HOO!
24! HUT, HUT, HUT!
OHH. (laughs)
LOOK, HE'S HAPPY,
PLUS HE'S BURIED IN THE SAND,
SO HE CAN'T RUN AWAY
WHEN WE TALK TO HIM.
IT REALLY WAS
THE PERFECT PLAN.
THANK YOU.
WHAT THE HELL?!
THAT WASN'T SMART. (sighs)
(Andy) WE'LL GIVE YOU GUYS
A FEW MINUTES.
HE'S JUST LONELY, YOU KNOW?
I HOPE HE'S OKAY.
I HOPE SO, TOO.
OKAY, BOBBY,
YOU CAN'T RUN AWAY.
I'M NOT TRYING
TO RUN AWAY.
I'M TRYING TO BURROW DEEPER.
HOW THE HELL
CAN YOU GUYS DO THIS?
I WOULD NEVER DO ANYTHING
TO HURT YOU ON PURPOSE.
YEAH, ME, NEITHER.
THE WORST PART IS KNOWING
THAT EVERYONE'S LAUGHING AT ME.
BOBBY COBB, YOU LISTEN TO ME.
NO ONE IS LAUGHING AT YOU.
HELL, WE ALL LOVE YOU
SO MUCH THAT WE'RE HERE
JUST TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
HOW TO GET YOU THROUGH THIS.
THAT'S WHY
WE'RE AT THE BEACH TONIGHT.
'CAUSE WE'RE JUST TRYING
TO SHOW YOU
THAT NOTHING COULD STOP US
FROM BEING FRIENDS.
SO YOU DID ALL THIS
FOR ME?
I'D DO ANYTHING FOR YOU.
YOU PROMISE
TO TAKE CARE OF HER?
OF COURSE, BUDDY.
YOU PROMISE
TO TAKE CARE OF HIM?
WHY DON'T YOU LET US
TAKE CARE OF YOU FOR A WHILE?
WANT ME TO DIG YOU OUT OF THERE?
NOT YET.
JUST SIT WITH ME FOR A BIT.
♪ I'M NOT READY ♪
♪ AND I'M NOT EVEN CLOSE ♪
YOU KNOW,
THIS WAS A GREAT NIGHT.
IT REALLY WAS.
♪ NO, I AIN'T LIKE MOST ♪
♪ I'M STILL... ♪
TO BOBBY COBB!
(Smith) HEY, TO BOBBY COBB!
(Laurie) TO BOBBY!
(Bobby) "WHAT ABOUT BOBBY?"
THAT WAS AMAZING.
OHH. IT MAKES ME
ALMOST NOT MIND SLEEPING HERE.
(click)
♪ JULES ♪
(gasps)
HAPPY ONE MILLIONTH CUSTOMER!
OH, OH, OH!
(laughs) OH, GOD.
HO-HO-HO! (laughs)
YOU THINK YOU'RE FUNNY,
DON'T YOU?
I'M NEVER SLEEPING HERE
AGAIN.
OH, WELL, THEN I'D BETTER
GET MY MONEY'S WORTH.
♪ JULES,
YOU HAVE TO DO THINGS ♪
HUH, DAWG? I LOOK
PRETTY COOL, RIGHT, DAWG?
(sighs)
(laughs) WELL,
YOU CAN FROWN ALL YOU WANT,
BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT GOING
ANYWHERE.
I HID ALL YOUR CLOTHES.
(laughs)
OH, GOD. (laughs)
HAPPY
ONE MILLIONTH CUSTOMER!
(pops)
OW! (laughs)